update(services): updated EA and LA badges (#18)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/flink/howto/create-jar-application.md

---
title: Create a JAR application
limited: true
---

Aiven for Apache Flink® enables you to upload and deploy
[custom code as a JAR file](/docs/products/flink/concepts/custom-jars), enhancing your
Flink applications with advanced data
processing capabilities.

## Prerequisite

> - Custom JARs for Aiven for Apache Flink is a **limited availability** feature that requires
> activation on your Aiven account. If you want to try this feature, contact our sales
> team at sales@aiven.io to request activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom JARs for Aiven for Apache Flink is a **limited availability** feature.
  To try this feature, request it by contacting
  our [Sales team](mailto:sales@aiven.io).
```

> - Once activated on your Aiven account:
>   - To enable custom JARs for a new Aiven for Apache Flink service,
>   toggle the feature during service creation.
>   - For an existing service, in
> [AivenConsole](https://console.aiven.io/) , select your project and then
> choose your Aiven for Apache Flink® service.

Reviewer: Let's apply symmetry and use numbered list for sequential steps?

```suggestion
- Once activated on your Aiven account, enable it:
  - For a new Aiven for Apache Flink service,
    toggle the feature during service creation.
  - For an existing service, in
    [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/):
    1. Select your project and choose your Aiven for Apache Flink® service.
```

>     - Click **Service settings** on the left sidebar.
>     - Scroll to the **Advanced configuration** section, and click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click **Service settings** on the left sidebar.
    1. Scroll to the **Advanced configuration** section, and click
```

        **Configure**.

>     - In the **Advanced configuration** screen, click **Add
>         configuration options**, and using the search box, find and set
>         `custom_code` configuration to **Enabled** position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In the **Advanced configuration** screen, click **Add
       configuration options**, and using the search box, find and set
       `custom_code` configuration to **Enabled**.
```

Author: Wrote this as per Google style guide, but definitely better without the work 'postition'

## Create and deploy application

1.  Access the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/) and select the
    Aiven for Apache Flink service where you want to deploy a JAR
    application.
1.  From the left sidebar, click **Applications** and then click
    **Create application**.
1.  In the **Create application** dialog, enter a name for your JAR
    application, and select **JAR** as the application type from the
    drop-down.
1.  Click **Create application** to proceed.
1.  Click **Upload first version** to upload the first version of the
    application.
1.  In the **Upload new version** dialog:

>     -   Click **Choose file** to select your custom JAR file.
>     -   Select the **Terms of Service** checkbox to indicate your
>         agreement.
>     -   Click **Upload version** to upload your JAR file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click **Choose file** to select your custom JAR file.
    1. Select the **Terms of Service** checkbox to indicate your
       agreement.
    1. Click **Upload version** to upload your JAR file.
```
